Hey,
what's going on?
It's bill burn his time for the Thursday afternoon.
Just before Friday,
Monday morning podcast and
just checking in on you.
I'm just checking in on you.
This isn't even a podcast.
This is just me poking my head into your cubicle or your office door.
You're fucking cardboard box wherever you live in,
wherever you work,
whatever you're doing.
Are you making American great again?
We go make it great again.
Remember what it was great bad's going to happen again.
Making America great again.
Um,
what's going on?
How are you?
I'm in a good mood.
My,
my,
my lovely daughter is entered a new phase of just nonstop crying.
Um,
okay.
I think she's going to be a ric flair fan because the only thing I could do to
get her to stop was,
you know those exercise balls that uh,
the ladies use them.
You know,
cause they're always trying to work their glutes and their fucking thighs cause
that's where they put the weight on.
You know,
guys are always over there doing sit ups
doing that shit right there.
Would Shit from rocky hanging upside down.
Well,
maybe if I hang upside down and fucking do is sit up,
you know,
that will offset the fucking nine slices of pizza I'm going to have tonight.
The pizza winds.
Okay.
You don't need to hang upside down.
You don't even need to do fucking,
you don't really even need to do sit ups,
which you need to do is you need to get some salads and your life,
okay?
You got to start looking at bad food.
Like it's some fucking chick that you know is great in the rack.
Right.
But it,
she's just that you can't bring it home to your parents.
She's a fucking lunatic.
That's,
that's what bad food is in the food version of great.
And the rack is salt,
sugar high.
That's all it is,
right?
Just send you shit through the roof.
You like,
you know,
and you just keep grabbing one fucking handful after another as something in the
back of your head.
In the Bacchae head is just screaming.
No.
Like when you're dating a psycho,
why am I going to go out to a farmer's market with this fucking lunatic?
Why am I pretending that there's a relationship here?
You have a bag of chicken.
She's got a window right behind her bed and halfway through banger or you're
like,
what am I just opened this and fucking crawled out?
Yeah,
I'm sure women have thought that.
You know what I mean?
Blade on that backs getting fucking railed by some sweaty fucking,
I don't know,
Banker Assistant.
And then he's got a skylight.
Go.
What if I was like Spiderman right now?
I could just some fucking webs and just go right up and out of here.
Leave them all confused.
Half excited on the bed.
Okay.
That's what they need to have with the future.
Everybody,
they're trying to have better cameras on your cell.
Phone's better.
Recorders bucket.
I Dunno.
Something else.
Whatever the fuck out.
He always has to be three examples.
So you,
you fill in your last one.
This podcast will be interactive.
What are they?
Come up with something that when you're with somebody,
right,
you could just,
you just hit a fucking eject button.
Look,
every house has like a fucking,
like even if you're on the bottom floor and you just got to stand in the right
place in.
Remember that those old school offices,
what they would like send messages around through that little fucking vacuum
thing.
You know,
you put the thing in the tube,
it just disappear and go into somebody else's office.
Sort of the original fucking emails.
They should have that for people you know
and you and tell you,
I didn't like the way you talked to my sister and just remember we had that dead
for satellite Saturday and you just say,
ah,
go over to the fucking porthole and you just gone,
hi.
Hi.
How are you?
Stop it.
You're scaring me.
Hi.
Are you still there?
She walks over and he just fucking gone.
Then it'd be the new thing instead of getting dumped.
You got port hold.
What's wrong with Maggie?
Oh,
she got bored.
Hold.
Yeah,
bright in the middle.
I think she was nagging him.
You know how Maggie is?
She's very,
very particular and she,
she,
I know.
I love her too.
I love her too,
but she can be hot.
She can be,
she's a lot.
She,
she is.
And then that's when the other girlfriends go.
She gets a lot.
She's definitely a lot,
you know,
from then they fucking clink that little fucking glass,
a rosy,
whatever it is.
Women doing the afternoon ladies,
what do you do in the afternoon?
What is that little wind break you take?
You know,
like you fucking Ernest Hemingway.
Yeah.
You know,
that's why I want to say,
uh,
I got it.
I'm going to say something like that at that writer's thing on Sunday.
Just talking about how much I booze now,
because I fucking sit in a writer's room
anyway,
so going through that keeps my,
my daughter quiet during this phase that she's going through,
which is fucking awesome.
Even when she's crying her brains out now,
she's like,
she's like looking at Shit,
you know,
she's like taking it in and everything.
It's an amazing thing,
right?
So we got this exercise ball.
The thing that the ladies have right now,
maybe someone like Bill Clinton who puts on weight like a bitch,
right?
Um,
number is big milky fucking thighs.
The,
uh,
is during his first semester,
whatever the fuck they call it is first trimester of being president.
Remember that Shit when he'd go jogging and those fucking shorts,
shorts,
um,
all I do anyways,
uh,
you sit on that exercise ball okay.
And you bounce up and down.
And the only thing that keeps it quiet as if I did,
if I don't want,
I'm bouncing up and down.
If I just keep going,
whoo,
whoo.
You know?
And as much as it was driving me nuts,
as much as I was feeling my old spine compacting every time we went down,
um,
okay,
I held out this,
this glimmer of hope that maybe she's going to be a ric flair fan.
Ric flair fan.
It's not easy to say.
So anyways,
um,
how is your Thursday?
You're almost there to get,
they give you a paycheck yet.
That was always the best.
You get your paycheck,
then he'd go out for lunch.
Right.
Dude,
you want to get a beer too?
Which I'm more but just have one.
We'll just have one.
You know,
that whole fucking thing.
What the fuck is it in order to is quality of life?
I was gonna say,
what is it about life that you just can't,
you can 90% of the time you're not doing what you want to be doing.
You know?
If there was no,
I guess if there was no infrastructure or society,
man,
we probably only live for fucking 30 years,
but just imagine for 30 years you could do whatever the fuck you want,
but then no one would have done anything and no one had taken the time to make a
beer factory.
So then you wouldn't have a bar and then what would you do?
You just be sitting around trying not to get eaten by animals.
Okay.
All right,
so a,
there we go.
We just figured out why you have to go to work every week but isn't Thursday
exciting?
I think that's the point I'm trying to make here.
Thursday's are exciting because they give you that piece of paper with the
numbers on it and then you write your name on the back of it and then you go
down to those fucking crooked banker console.
You give them that piece of paper with the numbers on it and then they give you
a piece of paper back that added more numbers to the numbers that were
previously on that piece of paper.
And then you walk around buying shit.
Isn't that what you do?
Okay.
I have no fucking idea.
That was another thing I liked about that old guy who smoked 12 cigars a day and
he lived,
he's 109.
He's still going like one of the oldest World War II veterans out there.
Um,
what I liked about him was he paid cash for everything,
paid cash for everything,
you know,
just completely,
I wonder if you just slip through the cracks after awhile.
Yeah.
You came into this world and you just paid cash for everything and you never
went on the Internet.
You know,
somebody is still take a fucking selfie with you.
And then that would be it.
And everybody,
like,
who's this guy who is this mysterious guy that's never been on the Internet and
pays cash for everything?
You know,
all the advertising world would be all obsessed.
We don't know what kind of toothpaste he uses.
We can't have that
starts fucking spying on him with like a drone and shit.
Um,
I don't know what's going on here.
I just had a bowl of cereal.
Maybe that's what it is.
I thought it was a healthy bowl.
Do you guys like the checks?
Family of cereals?
I'm big on the checks families.
Speaking of which so many cereals have just fucking disappeared.
When my wife was pregnant,
when she was pregnant.
Oh my God.
Okay.
When she was pregnant,
um,
she was requesting all these fucking cereals,
you know,
from back in the day.
For some reason I'm thinking it'd be the ending of Star Trek right now.
Wow.
She wanted alphabets.
They don't fucking make those anymore.
Some,
some how you can go to target,
you know,
that involves,
that
involves like,
you know,
going to a mall.
It's one of those anchor stores,
you know,
which is the goal of anybody with a small business.
Some day I'm going to be an anchor store and a fucking mall,
then then I'll be happy.
Right?
And you got to fucking deal with the parking garage and then you're like
following somebody like a serial killer.
Is it trying to get back to their fucking car?
And then they get in there and they start checked in the text messages and the
person behind you starts beeping and it just becomes like,
you know what?
It just becomes one of those things where you just have to be like,
Fuck this cereal.
Fuck alphabets.
Fuck booberry count.
Chocula Franken berry sugar corn smacks,
honeycomb.
Fuck all of these cereals.
I Dunno where they are anymore.
You know what they like?
They like old music acts that play casinos.
You know what I mean?
Like lover boy.
Okay,
there's somewhere right now,
this weekend,
and they're going to sing Abbott as well.
Good for the weekend.
Right there somewhere.
Dododododo Ludo do
you want a piece of my heart?
Tell me that lead singer didn't kind of look like Dan Marino back in the day.
Um,
anyways,
that's where like old cereal is like they're there on the casino tour.
Did Not grow my grocery stores.
But as far as serial goes,
food in general,
when you're in all the grocery stores,
that's you're at the height of your career,
right?
You're Bruno Mars,
you doing the fucking prince,
staying at the grammys.
Right.
Okay.
And then somewhere,
you know,
but you're on the year,
right at the fucking mid level shelf to headline headlining,
maybe even the top shelf,
but right at fucking eyeball level,
whatever average hiatus,
you're right fucking there.
Sandwiched between the CEC serials of uh,
check family of cereals.
Hey,
then you got the corn flakes on the other side.
You're right there.
You're big stupid fucking face.
And whenever sugary horse shit are selling to the public,
right?
And then somewhere along the line it just,
you know,
you run out of hits,
you collaborate with the wrong people,
people's palettes change and then you get,
you get,
you get pushed out.
You know,
you start going to those places where you know you can only get them in certain
cities.
You were only in target like Michelob.
MMM.
Michelob light.
The only place I've been able to buy that was in the city of New Orleans.
Once Michelob ultra came along,
it just completely fucked over Michelob light.
I don't know where it went.
So first beer I ever got drunk on.
I love that beer.
Okay.
I love me.
Some make a low black and um,
yeah,
I don't know.
I don't know what the fuck I'm talking about.
I was just asking if you guys,
you'd like to check cereals.
You know,
I didn't want to do a whole eighties fucking comedy routine on cereal.
Did I?
You know what?
Fuck it.
Let's keep going.
Then he got Wheaties is like the Frank Sinatra,
you know,
like the rat pack.
Like they're never going away.
The timeless fucking classics,
you know,
fly me towed.
I'm home.
Yeah,
he does fucking shit.
That's really not good for you.
Fucking Bruce Jenner did and eat this.
That's not why he won the gold medal.
Okay.
Um,
in other words,
he's a whore.
Um,
anyway,
she got weedies.
What are the classics?
Grape nuts.
They're hanging in there.
They're on the bottom shelf.
Grape nuts,
his bottom shelf.
You know,
they're still there.
They're still playing the fucking,
you know,
the play in the big rooms,
but not the AA rooms.
You know,
what's another one that's hung around for a long fucking time?
Breaking up flakes.
So the Billy Carter of the fucking great nut family.
All right.
I'm done with this fucking shit.
Anyways,
let's,
let's talk about what's really important out there.
Nick.
The Paulo,
one of the fucking greatest comics I've ever seen,
his new special is on right now on Seeso t.
I actually at 8:00 PM tonight,
you got to fucking watch this thing.
You don't have to,
but I would really appreciate it if he did.
It's called inflammatory.
It's debuting today February 16th at 8:00 PM on Seeso TV,
s e s o a t v to subscribe to his pog tat podcast.
Just go to connect pal dotcom.
Slash nick all lowercase connect to pals.
C O n n e c t p a l.com/nick.
Um,
that's what I'm doing.
I want to know what you're doing,
but that's what the fuck I'm doing.
Um,
oh Joey roses also has a special on comedy central,
but comedy central is weird cause they don't stream.
They're not weird.
They're old school.
You know what I mean?
You know what?
They're not streaming anymore.
So that channel there at target right now
and Netflix,
Netflix elbowed him out.
CSOS elbow that dare the new,
the new,
uh,
though they're like the millennials of fucking TV networks and they just cutting
all these cuts out,
you know,
and these other guys cared.
Yeah.
To buy a cable.
Oh,
you to watch commercials.
Um,
all right.
There's the elephant in the room that I have to address and I know every fucking
French cunt from Montreal with your silly socks.
All you're clapping right now,
aren't ya?
Huh.
Alright.
So as I,
you know,
not everybody saw common,
Clo Julian was going to take the fall for some of the moves that we've made and
uh,
you know,
in a van,
and I was saying the entire fucking time that this guy won us our first cup in
40 years,
you know,
um,
why are we blaming this fucking guy?
Yada,
Yada.
Please don't fucking fire.
And what do they do?
They fire him.
So I tweeted out,
congratulations to any NHL out there that's looking for a Greg coach that knows
how to win a cup.
All right.
Now having said that,
I had no fucking idea.
I ain't no fucking idea that the Montreal Canadians,
we're going to fire their coach was a Terry and they fired him
all right?
And fucking picked him up.
And um,
as much as I hate to say this is a Bruins fan,
we fucking deserve it,
okay.
You know,
I don't know.
You know what happens is everybody does it.
They,
they were doing well with Pat Burns and Pat Barnes got fucking sick of them.
I always thought pat one a copy than 86 and 93 with them.
I guess he didn't,
he existed in the middle like don Mattingly.
Um,
and um,
I dunno,
I have no idea,
but I think I'm going to say right now,
the Canadians are going to win a cup with Cloe.
Julian,
if before you get excited,
you Montreal fans,
if they will want a cup,
if they're dumb ass fans in the media,
don't run them out of town first.
God knows they love doing that.
Fucking dopes have you concept there.
You know what I mean?
Why don't you get out there and skate around with your little fucking pocket
square fucking bitch moaning and complaining the most arrogant fans on the face
of the fucking earth without a fucking doubt up Montreal Canadien fans.
New York fans are pretty bad,
but there's just something about them.
They're dumb.
You just hear it.
They fucking breathe through their mouths.
The big sandwiches.
They walk around in sweatpants that get,
you know,
a guy like Paul Versey you considers dressing up or putting on a new pair of
jeans and some Air Jordans and a sweater.
I swear to God,
if Paul put that outfit on,
he'd be like,
I'm ready to meet the president.
Okay,
that's your average New Yorker.
But they've written so many songs blowing that city that people think they're a
cut above just cause they,
you know,
their parents had unprotected sex there.
You know all those songs.
Yeah.
Five can make it.
Hi Again,
dad.
Do William William make it anywhere.
Most New Yorkers can't even live outside of New York.
They have a fucking panic attack.
The second they get out of the two,
one,
two,
seven,
one eight fucking area code.
They're horrific.
They hold onto it like they move out here to La and they keep wearing this
stupid fucking New York badge.
You know,
like some washed up athletes still wearing his highschool fucking jacket.
They just keep,
they come out to La and all they do is shit all over.
It's like,
so go back.
You're dumb cunt.
You know you're going to go back.
You're out of here.
Why don't you enjoy it?
Go learn how to surf.
Go have a fucking Burrito.
Go on a hike.
I'll write already with the fucking New York Shit.
Oh Damn.
He's welcomed.
Blaze.
We did the full Gullah.
You the full consent.
What?
He ain't been fucking him for the day.
Um,
I don't know.
Look,
I'm fucking,
I'm not going to take responsibility for anything that I say in this podcast,
first of all,
because,
uh,
I'm not an adult.
And second of all,
because the lack of sleep I've had,
uh,
recently.
Um,
yeah,
so the New York,
France,
there's,
there's still an element of,
of just,
you know,
they're morons still like Boston fence,
Philly fans.
We're all mouth breathing fucking morons now.
The Canadian fans,
okay.
because they don't live in the United States,
they live in Canada.
They actually have to take the time to learn about other countries.
You know what I mean?
Which makes them appear to be more intelligent.
But I'll tell you,
there's some of the most racist fucking people ever met my life.
They lose a playoff series.
They burned down their fucking city.
They ran Patrick wa out of town.
Okay.
The fucking Hornets nest that Clode Julian just stepped into.
If they could somehow keep those people at bay and their stupid ass media,
the fucking media,
those Fed Fox,
like they're going to go out there and start skating if they don't run him out
of town.
I'm telling you right now,
if Allah you fucking Montreal counts can give,
just keep your fucking Yap shut.
Okay,
go buy yourself another pair of loafers and some silly fucking socks.
If he could just shut your fucking miles and stop acting like,
you know how to run a team,
this guy could bring you a cup.
I'd say you got a 50,
50 chance cause they're not gonna be,
they,
you know,
they can't sit on their hands.
They can't,
they speak French.
You don't do something about speaking French.
All of a sudden you think you know stuff.
Unless you're in France,
I want to go to France.
Those people are cool.
You go to Montreal.
I don't know what the deal is.
Um,
so much of that was just absolute misinformation and I really enjoyed all of it.
you know what?
Congratulations to Clode Julian.
I'm really happy we went to another original 16.
I hate the fucking Canadians,
but I'm adult enough to not to not sit there.
I mean,
I hope he went to another fucking cup.
I don't want the Canadians to do it,
but I like him too much to,
to have to fucking root against him.
I will only root against him when,
uh,
it's hard because he's with doe Canadians.
But like,
obviously if the Bruins a plane,
I'm going to root against him,
but,
uh,
he's just a fucking class act,
you know,
he said he's going to keep the rivalry going on,
but he said something nice about the players and all of that.
And we'll see.
We'll see.
The only thing that can screw this up is the moron,
Canadian fans and their media.
You know,
if you can run Patrick,
why out of town?
Maybe this ends the curse,
the curse of Patrick Walk,
who knows?
We shall see.
But,
uh,
I just became a,
when he went to Montreal,
I just became a huge penguins and Washington capitol Fan.
I will be rooting hard,
not against cloud.
I just don't want to see the fucking,
I loved it.
They haven't won one in 20,
24 fucking years.
They're going on a quarter of a century for any other franchise.
That's totally acceptable,
but not for them.
They have to win a cup.
That's all they have.
I,
this is what one thing of sympathy,
I will say,
actually,
I,
you know,
I love the city Montreal.
I'm fucking around with you guys.
Beautiful women.
And you guys got fucked in 1994 and that would have been so for baseball if the
Montreal expos even made it to a world series,
forget about winning.
I'm winning the whole damn thing.
And they had a young Pedro Young Randy Johnson.
I mean,
they won't fucking stacked.
And um,
I love National League Baseball.
My whole time growing up,
whenever I used to watch this week in baseball,
it was always a faster game.
It was hit and run.
They had all the astro turf,
which I thought was cool when I was a kid.
And uh,
you know,
I w you know,
I watched the Red Sox,
we were all American league.
We QC just keeps signing one fucking home run hitter after another,
another lefty.
I'll tell you if this guy plays in Fenway park,
he's going to hit 80 home runs and all they did was just ground into double
place.
Like the pitcher doesn't know why he was brought to town.
They just fucking low and inside higher and inside those kinds always loved
those pitches.
Low,
the low ball,
they'd fucking whatever the fuck they would don't sync around.
My a big baseball guy,
they'd always would ground out and then they just work.
I'm right up the ladder and that fucking high heat on the inside,
they could never lay off.
It's cheap.
Three end of the inning.
Red sox leaving another six runners stranded.
It's not possible,
but that's what it felt like.
Two runners Bram.
Alright,
right.
Whatever.
I was never good at math.
All right,
let's read some advertising here,
shall we?
All right.
Frame Bridge.
Uh,
okay.
Frame Bridge.
Do you have a thousand photos living in your phone and not a single one in a
frame?
Give your personal experience using frame bridge.com I've never used it.
Why?
Frame Bridge,
dude,
what am I going to frame a bunch of pictures of me taking pictures of people who
took their shoes off on a plane?
I don't take pictures like it,
but if you do take pictures,
if you do this,
this is for you because you know what happens.
What ends up happening is you lose your phone or your laptop craps out and if he
didn't put it on the cloud,
then you're just going to lose these fucking photos.
Like I don't how many photos I've taken with my cell phone.
I don't,
I don't have any of them.
I don't know where any of them are.
Um,
it's easy to use.
Evidently.
Go to frame bridge.com choose your frame or let their designers help you choose.
Upload your photo from your computer or directly from Instagram.
Preview your photo online in the frame you'd choose can upload your photo art.
No worries.
You can mail it in for free.
Instead of hunt the a hundred you'd pay Edra at a framing store.
Their prices start at $39 and all shipping is free.
Plus my listeners get 15% off their first order of frame,
bridge.com when they use my code burpee,
you are our go to frame bridge.com and use Promo Code [inaudible].
You'll save an additional 15% off your first order.
Just go to frame bridge.com/burr once again.
Hey,
that's framed bridge.com/prime mister paragraph.
Evidently they have an expert team at frame bridge that we'll custom frame your
item in days,
not weeks,
a month,
days.
Okay.
That's way quicker than weeks or months and delivery and deliver it.
Your finished piece directly to your door ready to hang.
Frame Bridge offers a happiness guarantee.
The team gives each item personal care and attention because meeting your
expectation is as important as meeting their own.
They go,
there were an old school business,
they're going to treat you right.
Frame bridge.com Promo Code Bar.
All right.
Oh Jesus Christ.
But Oh,
Popo me on days be ids,
Julianne to the Habs,
but due to me undies be undies.
All the friends,
these aren't so glad they're running around like a bunch of Douche is with the
silly socks and the pocket squares.
But they're fucking balls are nice and soft.
Just like they're fucking morals.
They're always outside their marriages.
Um,
all right me undies,
elevate your underwear game to the next level with me undies.
Uh,
you've perfected your wardrobe.
But what about the stuff?
Not everybody gets to see if you've been setting a settling for store bought
underwear,
five packs.
I have something that will change your life for the better me undies one is be
undies.
Oh,
just seriously soft.
Feel good undies delivered right to your fucking door.
The undies are designed in La and made from sustainable source micro model.
Oh,
now it's micro modal of fabric.
Three times softer than cotton.
Well,
how did it become micro?
It's still just a soft,
it must've been a reason for it.
[inaudible] softer than soft.
Softer than soft.
Smarter than smart luxury undies coming in ever changing selection of classic
colors,
bold shades and adventurous patterns so you can tailor your undies to your own
personal style.
Guess what?
You can save time and money each month with a monthly subscription.
How much are you shitting yourself that you need to get new underwear every
month?
And if you're not ready for subscriptions,
that's okay.
You can still say,
that's because me undies is offering you 20% off your first pair.
Just use our special URL,
[inaudible] dot com slash bird to get 20% off your first pair.
Holy Shit.
So go ahead.
Revamp your underwear drawer.
You deserve it.
Once again,
that's [inaudible] dot com slash Berg he undies.com/barb.
All right.
Indochino in dope.
Jai Ho
talk about how a Ma made to measure suit fits compared to a generic off the rack
suit.
Well,
isn't that self explanatory?
You know,
unless you're a mannequin measurements,
right?
Which are really weird now.
You know what I mean?
Okay.
They got like the shredded ones.
They finally don't just have all white mannequins.
They blood other races of people.
You know,
that aren't allowed,
that aren't alive to be allowed to fucking model clothes.
Um,
I don't need to talk about what obviously,
hey,
if he just grabbed a random fucking suit,
that sort of fits.
Is that not as good as having one?
That's fucking Taylormade.
It is one of the largest made to measure men's wear.
Brands get high quality,
get a high quality suit made to your exact measurements for a perfect fit.
Yeah.
And then you got to stop eating.
We're not stop eating.
You've got to keep your calorie intake the exact fucking same way you can get a
customer.
You can.
You also get to customize you suit just the way you want it.
Here's how it works.
Visit a showroom or shop online@indochino.com I n d o Chino,
c h I n o.com.
Uh,
pick from hundreds of fabrics.
Choose your customizations from lapels to pleats to jacket linings in more.
What are pleats?
I know it lapels are,
aren't pleats,
those fucking lines people used to have in their pants in the 1980s.
Uh,
submit your,
and I'm not talking about creases.
I mean the ones up Nigga Dick,
or you're a VJ Jake,
as Oprah says,
summit,
submit your buddy measurements,
place your order and wait for it.
Why?
What?
It's going to arrive in just four weeks with this this week,
my listeners can get any premium Indochino suit for 389 bucks,
indochino.com uh,
at indochino.com when entering burr at checkout,
this is perfect if you're just entering the business world,
you want to look good with the fucking,
you know,
cheap suit,
not cheating in a bad way,
but you know,
if you don't have to spend a lot of money,
that's 50% off the regular price for a made to measure premium suit,
you can customize it so no one has the same one as you.
Plus shipping is free.
That's indochine o.com promo code bar for any premium suit for just 389 bucks in
free shipping.
Incredible deal for a suit that will fit you better than anything off the rack
ever could.
So they go,
there are affordable suits,
but they're actually fitted like your host.
And the tonight show or a late night with Conan O'brien.
Well,
the Jimmy Kimmel show a talk show.
All right,
well we're almost done here.
Oh,
this is the last one.
C Cell,
which tonight we'll have nick Dipaolo is new special at 8:00 PM.
Uh,
ever hear the saying laugh at the world,
laugh in the world,
laughs with you.
Oh yeah,
I've had that,
but I've never really thought about it.
Laugh in the world.
That's
step on a bus and do that.
See what happens.
So we laughing at you.
Laugh in the world lasts with you or at you.
Depending on the situation,
I think is the way it should be.
All right.
Anyways,
well I hate to tell you,
but the world has left you in the dust because they've already signed up for
Cecil.
You know,
I just blew their whole joke.
Let me,
let me start over again.
Ever hear the saying laugh in the world.
Laughs with you.
Well,
I hate to tell you,
but the world has left you in the dust because they've already signed up for
CSO.
In other words,
they're already laughing over there without you.
The Ad Free Company streaming service with a huge library of Standup TV and
original content.
The world will be laughing whether you join in or not.
So you might as well get on board with CSO.
You get unlimited access to CSOS.
Original series is,
is,
is next day,
late night,
hilarious.
Standup specials,
binge worthy classics,
including 42 seasons of Saturday night live,
the entire money python catalog,
the it crowd and more with Cecil Jesus,
the guy with the leaf blower.
Can you get that with CSO,
you'd get binge worthy classics,
British called comedy original series like Harmon quest and bazillion dollar
prize property.
What?
But Jillian,
oh,
bajillion dollar properties.
That's how you spell.
But Jillian,
I didn't think that was a word.
Not to mention the entire SNL library library,
including new episodes today after the air.
Plus CSO brings stand up right to your living room with exclusive content from
today's best comedians,
including nick depalo tonight at eight on demand in commercial free.
Sign up now to catch brand new standup specials from Brian Post saying Nick
Depaulo and Joey Coco Diaz.
Hey brother will live in like doctors.
Um,
oh,
watch your favorite sets from comedians like Louis Ck,
Amy Schumer and Hannibal Buress access CSO content from anywhere at anytime
using Ios,
android,
Roku,
apple TV,
Amazon fire TV,
windows or x box one.
Ready for the punch.
CSO is just three 99 per month.
Jesus Christ,
I got to sign up for this shit.
No joke.
Three 99 per month for all the comedy you want.
Anytime,
anywhere ad free.
I might do that just to watch fucking all 42 seasons.
Just go to [inaudible] dot com s e e s o.com right now and sign up for one month
for free with Promo Code [inaudible] at checkout.
This is the best offers CSO has right now.
One month for free of laughing your ass off comedy at Cso just by using Promo
Code burr that see so Dotcom,
Jesus Christ spelled s e e s o.com Promo Code [inaudible] and we got to read it
again.
seeso.com Promo Code Bar.
Fuck.
All right,
it's over.
Hey,
speaking as much as our Clo Julian has has left,
uh,
what's his face?
Uh,
Bruce Cassidy is undefeated and we beat the Canadians.
Shut those fuckers out.
Four to nothing for to zip.
I didn't realize Tuco Roscoe was like,
oh nine in three at the Td Bank,
North Garden lifetime against the Canadians.
I had no idea.
He had never won at home.
That's fucking weird to me.
My baby was the other guy.
Can't remember his name was our goal tender.
We won the fucking cop.
The guy would go to the White House and then took a year off to go find himself.
And then I never heard from him again.
I think you went to the panthers.
Anyways,
let's fucking plow ahead here.
Shall We?
Um,
oh Billy,
no booze.
No cigars is still fucking cruising along.
I took my life insurance test and a fucking guy took blood.
Jesus Creek.
He was,
I couldn't find the vein.
You fucking hacked up my arm big time because that's going to bruise a little
bit.
Uh,
and you know what?
He was right.
But anyways,
I kind of liken not smoking cigars.
I haven't smoked since last year.
I like saying that.
So I'm thinking when you go,
go on a little runt,
you know,
no booze,
no cigar.
I'll tell you Kiddo,
keep your fucking sober.
You know
Shanna looking fondly for that fucking glass of Scotch at night.
Now are you thinking about is oh my God,
when this kid goes to sleep,
when this go kid goes to sleep,
I'm going to sleep and I am going to have fog in front.
Oh fuck.
Or Norway.
That's all I,
that's all I care about right now.
He's just getting a little bit of sleep.
But uh,
but it's been fucking awesome at,
I'm already watched and change in watching and now when she looks at stuff she
could really like kind of take it in and I was still waiting for the first
smile.
I still think it's,
she just has gas.
If she's going to the bathroom,
um,
he starts smiling and you'd think this smiling at you and you're like,
oh my God,
you smelling me.
And then you know,
you kind of drifted out of their line of vision to see if there's still looking
at you.
And then they just continue looking where your head was and it's just like,
oh,
all right.
I guess you're not.
Um,
so anyways,
so if I'd done my contractually obligation obligated 33 minutes,
30 minutes,
whatever the fuck I'm supposed to do on this.
Um,
by the way,
still loving my car.
I'm loving it more than ever.
I had to put my truck in storage.
Uh,
so what I do is on the weekends I just drive my car over to the storage,
I switch them out and um,
eventually,
eventually my next,
my next house,
cause the layout of my house.
I don't know if this is going to work with one kid or if we decide to have
another one.
I don't know if it's gonna work out because it's either were upstairs and the
kids downstairs,
we're downstairs in the kids upstairs and that just doesn't fucking work out.
So I dunno,
maybe often move.
I have no idea.
But I will tell you this,
the next fucking place that I move,
I don't give a fuck about a view.
All I give a shit about is a fucking driveway that,
you know,
is act that isn't built for a model t fucking fort that is built from modern day
cars.
I would love to have the fucking circle driveway.
You know those people like on Dallas,
a Bob,
a mandate of a big fucking ranch,
you know,
they had their own fucking street just driving all the way down there.
And I'm just have anything,
a little carport someplace in my truck that,
that is,
that's all.
I don't give it any,
when I picture my dream house,
I don't even think about the house.
All I think about is the driveway,
the garage,
the garage.
I got a gym and I got a fucking,
uh,
a little drum room,
you know,
and I got a place in my truck and my car,
and when I come out,
I don't have to move like 20 fucking cars to get my fucking car on.
I don't have to move 20 guys have to move my car,
my wife's car.
But I feel like a valet,
you know,
that's all I give a shit about.
I don't give a,
I don't give a fuck about the rest of the house.
The rest of the house is for your wife.
They liked that shit.
This social,
okay,
men need to get away from shit and I can have in in this fucking garage.
All right,
if I can just have a little place where I could work out and I got a place where
I can play drums and I got my old truck and I got my car.
I mean,
what the fuck else do I need?
You know,
right there.
I'm good.
Like I actually think my dream house is just a garage with a room above it,
you know?
And the garage has enough room for two cars,
a modern and a classic.
The back is the gym and then the drum room.
And then upstairs is a little fucking kitchen,
flat screen TV,
right.
Little fucking humidor and whatever the fuck else Sinead
do,
maybe that's,
you know,
something.
All this whole downsizing in life.
That's a fucking great idea.
Oh Shit.
That fucking divorce guy's house.
That's all it is.
And you just make an entire fucking street,
you know?
So they can still make the child support payments.
They can still pay their alimony and all that.
All these fucking women out there whining about,
Hey Leo,
that'll make as much money.
Yay,
you're dope.
You get your check and his check.
So many of you do and you're still going to those fucking rallies standing out
in the rain,
listening to Alicia keys.
This the fuck Outta here.
Um,
what Nia,
everything that I've said,
you're going to stare at me for that.
I need it.
Listen to this idea.
Come here.
Come here
Nia.
Oh come on.
Don't be like that.
Come here.
I have a great idea.
She goes,
don't be liquid.
It's all like you.
Ooh.
What do we at the bus stop?
Come here.
I'm saying that that insult was on the level of somebody standing at a bus stop.
I'll look at blue QT cakes.
What do you say there?
I love her softer feeder.
You have a daughter now.
So what does that mean?
You know what that means?
Yeah,
it means I have to be extra funny cause now I got two of you ladies I'm paying
for you.
Funny is this,
is this what you consider funny?
We were out of the way.
I want to put it down.
Don't kiss me and try to make it cute.
Oh,
shut up.
Listen to me.
Sit down.
I get an idea that to force the divorce guys house.
Okay.
All right,
so all it is is it's a two car garage and in the back there's a little gym.
If you play drums like me,
there's a little drum room and above it is just this,
just like almost like a loft and that's your kitchen.
You flat screen TV,
your bed,
just you know anything that you need.
Because when I think of our dream house,
I don't even think of the house.
That's,
that's all I want.
Is that,
do you think that would work if I had a whole street of fucking divorce?
A divorce guys,
they're all paying alimony.
All playing child support.
All you strong women go into court.
Girl,
a woman I can't afford to do,
what am I going to do in the real world?
And they have to give no idea what anyone he goes through and divorce and having
to get alimony or any of that kind of,
yes,
I do.
Cause I've divorced men.
I've talked to divorcement or have you talked to any divorce women about it or
are you just hop on one side?
Yes,
I did.
Oh,
I talked to a lot of them on Rodeo drive.
A man,
the money I'm in the money,
I get my check and I get his fucking check to Towncars in front of the baby.
Okay.
A man,
the money man,
the money.
I get my check and I get his freaking too.
That's better.
Huh?
You liked that?
That was take two.
You guys just got the extra the outtake.
All right.
Um,
oh,
look at her.
Look how cute she is.
All right.
I gotta I gotta close this up yet.
Um,
thank you guys for a,
for listening.
I can't say this word for my daughter.
You know what I say?
You,
you so and so's have a great weekend.
I'll talk to you guys.
Go F yourself.
Don't take any Esther many buddy.
Um,
I'll talk to you guys on Monday and uh,
congratulations to Clode Julian,
forgetting the respect you deserved,
you were unemployed for what,
two or three days?
Uh,
best of luck to you even though you with the Canadians unless you played my
boards.
All right,
I'll see you
foil the child.
Don't vote.
Star Gal.
Hmm.
Hey,
what's going on?
It is
edit is the Monday morning podcast for Monday,
February 16th,
2009 in the year of the fucking,
what is it?
What is it the year of
in China?
What animal is it?
Do you have it?
That's one of those dumb conversations you have in a bar when they'll have like
a poster of lat on the wall.
Like what year are you born in?
You were born the year of the monkey.
I can see that.
No,
totally.
I can see that.
Shut up.
You're dumb cunt.
Okay.
You don't have anything to say.
It's okay to just not say anything.
You don't have to just start looking at shit on the walls and trying to force a
conversation.
Why don't you just stare straight ahead and think about how you ended up here.
You know how you can change things in the future so you won't have this
screaming sound of fucking regret in your head all the time to the point that
you're going to need to try to drown it out with some stupid fucking shit about
a poster on the wall in this shithole bar.
Oh God.
That felt good.
Um,
it's raining out here right now in California.
Rainy days and Mondays always get me out.
I fucking hated that song.
Who Sang that song?
That was the carpenters.
There's a woman to let shit get to her.
Huh?
Oh,
it's raining out.
I think I'll go throw up my breakfast.
That's your fucking I was,
that was really,
really fucking mean.
That was really mean.
I apologize to the Karen Carpenter's a state for that one.
I'm going to make a donation to a,
the bulemia fund.
You know what?
Someone's going to take that joke really seriously and I'm going to get some
more fucking hate mail,
which I get on these things quite a bit,
sometimes quite a bit sometimes.
Oh you like that?
I said quite a bit and I'm thinking in my head,
no,
I really don't quite a bit.
It's actually sometimes,
so I try to fix the lie,
but anyway,
someone's going to fucking,
uh,
not even a lie.
It was just like,
I was just exaggerating cause you know,
that's just what you do.
You know what I mean?
Like you just exaggerate.
You just get used to exaggerating whatever the fuck it is.
Should do.
You know what I'm doing right now doing the exact thing.
I just was given that hypothetical woman who was talking about the poster in the
bar.
I was giving her shit about doing it and then I turned around and I did it,
you know?
So now someone else has to have a podcast trashing me and that's how it starts.
Did that make sense?
I didn't think so.
Um,
yeah.
So if you guys,
if you've never been out here to California,
at least the southern part of it,
people always,
you know,
they talk about the weather out here,
how it's like groundhog day,
how,
you know,
every day is the exact same.
Oh my good.
Every day it's 70 and beautiful.
You get sick of it.
And I used to be that person,
but I kind of am starting to understand the weather out here and it's pretty
fucking fascinating.
Basically what happens is at the beginning of the year,
usually I guess this time of year around January,
February,
it rains almost every day for a month.
Almost every fucking day it rains.
And what it does is obviously it builds up a Jesus.
I've really talked myself into a corner here.
I really don't know what the fuck I'm talking about,
but it's not going to stop me from plowing through this.
I was going,
it's,
it builds up the shrubs and green things.
Like I didn't even know what fucking word to use there.
Just basically the Hollywood hills,
you know,
they usually like,
Brown and that type of shit because we live in a desert.
But,
uh,
after a month of this stuff,
everything becomes really green and really beautiful and uh,
you know,
then it stops raining and then it's 70 degrees out and everything's green and
it's fucking gorgeous out here.
But what happens is over the m over the course of the year,
because we live in a desert,
a,
all that green shit starts to turn Brown and it starts drying out.
And then when the Santa Ana winds come across,
it drives the shit out of it.
And then that's around fall.
And that's when we have fires out here.
And the funny thing is,
is the fires are completely natural.
People out of here,
for some reason,
they act like they're fucked up.
Like,
oh my God,
the fire just jumped over the,
Oh shit,
what's going to happen?
And we sit there and we try to the fire out,
which we shouldn't be doing.
Nature is taking it's fucking course.
It's burning out all that green shit.
And what the firemen do is they put the fucking fires out and they leave a bunch
of brown shit.
You know,
that should have burned up,
but now isn't.
And the next year the is going to be even worse.
And it's just the typical shit.
Like we think it's a tragedy because nature is doing what it naturally does.
And it's not nature's fault.
Some fucking idiot built a house in the middle of Shit that turns brown every
year and catches on fire.
You know what I mean?
Would you know,
would you sit in a fireplace?
Would you build a house in a giant fireplace?
I wouldn't do that.
So what I'm trying to say is the fucking living in the hills is overrated.
You want to live down here in the flatlands while the apartment buildings I,
well,
one palm tree catches on fire.
I mean the amount of people jogging by with water bottles can put that shit up.
But those fucking people who live up in the hills,
the crazy,
not to mention all the fucking,
the soil dries out because there's so little water,
right?
Because we live in a desert,
the soil dries out.
So like literally like the top six inches is like fucking bone dry.
So then when it rains like this,
that's what causes your mud slack because evidently it can't absorb it.
It's like Dandruff and it just washes down and it goes into the side of the
guy's house.
And I watch it on the news and I laugh.
What the fuck?
What the fuck am I talking about?
What do I read?
Some stories that got,
you know,
something.
I got to tell you something.
I got some great questions this week.
I got some great stories and some great underrated overrated.
I really feel like my 14 listeners,
which I think is actually up to 22.
I don't know what the fuck it is.
I just like saying 14.
You guys are really up in your game here.
And um,
Oh,
before we get into the stories,
everyone who submitted me who made the finals for that DVD competition,
could you please resend me your addresses?
Half of you haven't.
Two of you sent me your addresses and I lost the emails because I'm a fucking
moron.
But um,
I don't want to get,
I don't want to get charged with some sort of,
I don't want to be on like the news,
you know,
those investigative reporting things that you had a podcast.
It was only doing okay.
So they decided to give away some DVDs,
but the DVDs never came.
Um,
I want to,
I want to send them out.
So for the love of God.
All right,
Bill,
why don't you shut the fuck up and read the story?
Okay.
Here's a great story for you.
Um,
you know,
I do my whole little rants about the,
uh,
the automated checkout lines and a in grocery stores and how they're bullshit.
I don't think it's technological advancement.
It's technical or technological advancement will be if I just walked up and
somehow I just stood there and magically this machine knew what the fuck I owed
and then I paid and then I left.
That would be an advancement.
But to come up with an automated machine where now I go up,
there is no cashier and then I become the cashier.
To me it's not technological advancements.
That's me working at the grocery store for free.
So one of my disciples who actually believed in this said,
hey bill,
here's something that happened to you yesterday.
You might appreciate.
He said,
I was in a stop and shop yesterday.
So I'm guessing that's east coast right though.
That's going to stop and shop,
get a fucking 30 factors throws.
Dude,
I was in stop and shop yesterday and just grabbing a couple of things.
There was one lane open and the four empty self check registers.
So basically one lane's open with the cashier and then there's four of those
automated things that are wide open and uh,
so he says reminding,
remembering the point you made in the podcast a few weeks ago about the whole
self check concept.
I got back into the open line behind five or six people,
I guess that's the cashier line.
The girl who stays by the self check lanes came over and said she noticed that
only had a few things and that I could just use the self checker and be out of
there quicker.
I just said,
no,
that's okay.
I'm not going to do your people's job for you.
After she heard that,
she was like,
excuse me.
So I was like,
nothing.
I have no problem waiting.
I'm just not doing your job for you.
So she walks away and about a minute or two later a manager comes over to me and
ask if there's a problem,
so I keep my composure at this point and tell him there's no problem.
Then I just rather wait online then ring up my own stuff.
He then goes on to tell me that his employee told him that I was being rude and
disrespectful and that he was going to ask me to leave the store.
I said to him,
are you serious?
I didn't even raise my voice.
I just told her I'd rather wait in line and that the other people online
standing next to me can vouch for me.
Of course,
when he asks the other people what happened,
nobody said a Goddamn word to defend me because I was apparently in align with a
group of Helen Keller's typical spineless fucking pussies.
Right.
So this is his final point.
He says,
I understand that the girl was just trying to help me out by suggesting that I,
I use that line to get out of the store quicker.
But when I calmly told her that I was fine,
she didn't have to make up some bullshit story to spite me.
When the day comes,
when cashiers are phased out and all there is a self check registers and that
cunt is out of a job,
I will have a nice chuckle to myself.
You know something,
Mike,
I can't get Maddie on that one.
I actually got annoyed
by that girl and if she lost a job,
but you know,
I don't know.
I think you're right on that one.
Although I got to admit,
you know,
you,
you know to use the narrows line and a good fellas,
you a,
yeah,
he was sheltered a little bit,
a little pig.
He kind of insulted her.
You got to go nicer next time and just say,
listen,
you know what I mean?
I don't want you to lose your job.
Those sure.
Those machines I take in your job and I don't want to be a part of that,
so I'd rather stand in line here so you guys can keep making a paycheck if you
set it that way.
But you kind of went on a little bit,
little bit and a little hostile and you will like,
yeah,
I'm not doing your job for you.
You know,
I mean,
I don't know.
Did you have,
you know,
so go fuck yourself tone.
I have no idea.
But you know something,
I totally back you when you think that,
you know,
I,
I would've been living in that situation.
I wouldn't have been able to control myself when that manager came over,
I would have been like,
I didn't say anything and I would swim in like,
you know,
these machines are bullshit and that point I would have cursed and they'd be
like,
I'm sorry sir,
you need to,
you need to leave the store.
So,
um,
I don't know that make any sense.
It's like,
I agree with you and I scolded you.
I agree with you.
When she doesn't have a job,
I'll be fucking happy too.
And you know,
I don't know.
I don't what the,
well as such.
That's what,
that's a rough one.
That was a rough one.
I'm just fucking out of it today.
I had a real fucking bad time last night at comedy clubs.
I had two different people coming up to me saying shit like,
uh,
you know,
I'm not even going to fucking say.
It's just one of those things where another comic comes up to you and as they
compliment you on a joke,
you know that they're going to steal it.
You know they do that shit.
You know?
You know,
I really liked that joke you did about the blah,
blah,
blah blah.
You know,
it's just amazing.
You know when I watched comics,
all the different takes people have on things.
Let me guess.
Your take is the same as my take except the switch to words.
You fucking Cock sucker.
I'm all right.
Next story.
Hey Bill,
thanks for driving that faggy hybrid.
This is always nice to read on a fucking Monday.
Hey Bill,
thanks for driving that faggy hybrid every bit you guys save ensures that that
insurance just that much more for me to use in my muscle car.
Was wondering if you've got something that looks like a car or did you get the
one shape like a butt plug?
All kidding aside.
I digger stand up,
podcasts,
all that shit.
Awesome.
Um,
no hybrid.
Looks like a buck plug.
I even asked you,
I didn't know what a butt plug looks like.
I imagined it looks like something that you stick in the sink and then what a
butt plug looks like.
I like how he's calling me a fag,
but he knows what a butt plug looks like.
You know something?
I'm going to chime in early on.
The underrated overrated.
You know what's overrated?
Muscle cars.
Muscle cars are so fucking overrated.
It's ridiculous.
If you've seen those things,
those auctions,
they have these fucking baby boomer Geek fucking rich douche bags are spending
like 150 grand to get a 68 Mustang.
The fuck is wrong with you.
Fucking idiots probably can't even change the oil.
They want to go in there and get the,
you know,
the body off restoration playing 150 fucking thousand dollars for a Mustang,
a Mustang.
You know what I mean?
If fucking idiot,
you can literally go buy a piece of Shit Mustang,
you know,
not piece of shit,
but it's got a decent body and just throw a new fucking engine in it.
Why would you spend 150 grand?
Well,
I got to,
it's got the original or a roll,
the window down handles.
You know,
in 1968 these were actually shut up.
It's not worth 150 grand.
Those cars are so fucking grossly overpriced.
Those are overpriced.
Those vintage guitars don't.
If there's any musicians,
those fucking beat up fucking fenders and Les Pauls from 40 50 years ago that,
you know,
he can't play,
can't fucking play.
There's no reason that there's no guitar that's worth 50 fucking thousand
dollars and they got the shit kicked out of them.
They're all worn out.
They look like shit.
I don't understand it.
So we bought the point the other day.
We'll let Stevie,
Ray Vaughn,
he used to play an old guitar.
He got an a pawn shop.
He probably paid fucking 30 bucks for it and tell you why not.
That thing was 50 grand.
He would've been playing a Ukulele on the Texas flood album.
Um,
but anyways,
I lot of people think that's so manly.
If they have a muscle car,
I,
I don't fucking understand it.
It's like you can get one for 15 grand.
It's not like I couldn't afford to buy one
that's just fucking idiot and it just automatically makes you gay.
I got to miss the little tires,
this a little tires and make it faggy and you know what the guys,
right?
They are faggy they all saggy.
Look,
I don't know if they looked like buck plugs,
you know?
All right.
You know what?
At the risk of having the FBI come to my door to find out what I'm doing,
I'm actually going to go on the Internet right now and I'm going to fucking
Google images but plugs,
you know what I picture I picture like I literally picture like a little plug
in.
It has like the threads,
like you'd literally screw it in
and then it's got that little metal ring.
He just see this sort of pull it out.
All right is,
but with two butt plug,
I'm going to have to fucking burn this fucking iPod after I do this images.
All right,
but plug search images for a buck plug.
Here we go.
Jesus Christ.
That looks like a fucking grenade.
Custom buck.
There's a Paris Hilton,
but plug and it's,
it's shaped like a hand.
Oh my God.
He's a horrific Fox tail buck plug.
There's a family circus oof with a buttload.
Wow.
These are creepy sex toys.
A creepy.
Okay.
These are gross.
Um,
and to save you guys
well,
I can explain what they look like.
I guess they look like
they look like Christmas trees with the stand.
That's the only way I can describe it.
It's the same shape.
That's gross.
That's fucking gross seed.
See what to see the level you just fucking brought this podcast down to.
It was really disgusting.
Anyways,
we know something.
The audio of this will save me if the FBI comes.
I'm like,
Pete Townsend.
I was just the one research.
Um,
all right,
next one.
Hey Bill,
I saw you on,
uh,
on comedy central and December and I've been listening to you ever since.
I know how strongly you feel about people.
What the fuck is this using the self checkout,
which I agree with and I was wondering how you feel about people paying bills
online.
This is a great question.
How do you,
what,
what do you feel about people paying bills online?
Um,
I'll tell you what I feel.
I think you're out of your fucking mind.
If you pay your bills online.
Um,
I know it's easier and it's more convenient,
but,
uh,
you know that bullshit where they sit there and they try to say like,
this is a completely secure site.
You don't have to worry.
But this fucking nerds out there breaking into the fucking computer at the
Pentagon,
he should never pay your bills online.
He shouldn't buy anything online.
You shouldn't do any of that.
You're rolling the dice.
Cause I'm not gonna lie to you.
I do it,
I do it.
But every time it's fucking stupid.
I,
I won't pay my bills online.
I certainly won't do that.
Online banking,
you're going to put your fucking,
your balance.
If you're fucking,
uh,
account number,
all of that shit,
you're going to put that online yet.
You're Roddy,
you're writing your mind,
you're out of your mind.
But this guy is basically saying,
ah,
I'm probably beating a dead horse,
but the less mail that needs to be delivered,
the less carriers they need.
My brother is a mail carrier and it fucking pisses me off that people don't want
to pay 42 cents to mail a letter.
I mean,
come on,
I'm a tight ass myself,
but you can't,
you can't buy shit with 42 cents.
What do you think?
Um,
I dunno man.
Email,
email people back and forth.
I mean,
there is an element of technology to,
but I will tell you this,
like I will forever pay bills by you using uh,
the mail.
I mail a mail man.
I just,
I dunno.
It just seems,
I mean,
not saying that people can't fuck with you mail,
but
I dunno.
I think you're out of your fucking mind.
If at the very least,
if you do your banking online,
you're out of your fucking mind.
Unless you don't have shit anyway,
so you don't have any money.
Who gives a fuck?
Right.
That's one of the great things about being broke.
You know,
when you want to punch someone in the face,
you can't,
you don't have to worry about getting sued soup.
I guess.
You've got to worry going to jail and he can't afford a good lawyer.
I don't know what the fuck I'm talking about.
Um,
anyways,
let's talk about shit I have coming up.
Um,
I'm going to be at a wise Guy Comedy Club,
uh,
this weekend in Ogden,
Utah.
And this is my,
uh,
it's the first time I've ever been out.
I did a college,
there are a number of years ago,
uh,
but I can't remember the last time I was out when the fuck was I owned in Utah.
I don't remember.
But anyways,
it's,
the show was on a February 20th.
And the website is www.wiseguyscomedy.com.
If you're on my website,
you can click on the link.
It's right to the left hand side of the page and clicked on Ogden.
Uh,
I'm going to be there for one night,
one night,
only two shows.
And uh,
and that's it.
Wait a second.
What the fuck are they saying here on the website?
Oh,
they got it right.
They got it right.
So there you go.
So if you saw me in comedy central,
wrote a whole new fucking hour and a,
yeah,
so all you Mormons,
whatever the hell you guys are out there,
you Byu fans,
come on out to the show and I'll make you fucking laugh and then I'll go back to
my hotel room and stare out the window.
Wonder what happened.
It's actually a scary place to land.
If I remember correctly.
Salt Lake City is surrounded by mountains,
so they kind of have to fly over them.
And then at the last second,
do like a military landing,
just dropped like 10,000 feet,
I believe.
Um,
all right,
here we go.
Let's get into the podcast.
Questions for the week,
for the week.
All Right,
Bill,
question number one.
Uh,
every now and then,
every now and again on shows like access Hollywood entertainment tonight or x or
extra,
they let the everyday working class person know how much television and movie
stars make.
Every time I hear the ungodly amounts,
I'm disgusted as well.
I should be Alrighty.
Fully understanding the gluttony involving the government and the banks.
Uh,
what about these repulsive repulsively overpaid stars?
Um,
I don't,
why are you comparing celebrities to a banks that stole from everybody's 401k?
You know,
what's the worst to star can do?
Put out a movie hybrid.
Say It's good and you're out 10 bucks.
You know what I mean?
And they usually,
most of them fall off after three years.
And um,
I dunno,
I don't think they're grossly overpaid.
I think they are overpaid because the actors underneath them don't make as much
as they used to.
And the main person,
I guess gets most of the money.
But you know,
look,
if you fucking make a movie and you have me star in it,
or you have Tom Cruise star in it,
you know what I mean?
You can't say,
Tom Cruise isn't worth the fucking money.
He put Tom Cruise in it.
It's guaranteed the fucking things going to make $100 million.
Basically.
He's been doing that for 25 years.
I don't think that that guy's overpaid.
So,
uh,
I don't,
I don't agree with that.
I don't think that you could,
you know,
government stealing money and bank stealing money.
You can say that.
Celebrities,
uh,
I dunno,
I don't think that's the same thing.
Not to mention celebrities have no privacy.
What's so fucking ever,
and uh,
I think they get paid right about what they deserve because when you get to that
level of fame,
you need a huge house with a wall around it.
You need your own movie theater,
you need your own tennis courts,
cause you can't fucking go anywhere.
You know,
because eventually you're going to have to pick your nose and it's going to be
on the cover of a magazine.
So do you need,
you know,
200 foot shrubs so you can comfortably get the underwear out of your ass and do
what fucking human beings do.
Does that make any sense?
All right,
Bill,
I watched a lot of standup comedy.
I critique it to death.
I analyze the joke,
delivery,
wording,
timing,
everything does a size.
What could have been done differently to make it funnier when I watched you
perform a,
everything you do and say seems to be spot on and it went perfectly.
Planning.
I was wondering,
when you watch your own specialist,
do you find parts that you are unhappy with or feel you could've done much
better or differently?
Yeah,
the whole fucking thing.
I won't.
Well,
I,
when I go to edit it,
I watched it one time.
I want you at one time with one eye closed and uh,
and then I never watch it again.
I'm going to be one of those people,
like if I ever get my own TV show,
I will never watch one episode of it.
Yeah.
It's not a fucking natural thing to see the back of your head or see what the
side of your face looks like or to hear what your voice sounds like.
Oh,
to watch you holding a glass.
It's not natural to be outside of yourself watching yourself.
It's just fucking,
you know,
you're having,
it's like this outer body experience.
It's just,
it's fucking weird.
And uh,
I dunno if you're comfortable doing it.
I don't,
I think that's,
I dunno,
more power to you,
but I can't fucking do it.
So yeah,
I always think of,
I think about stuff all the time.
Well My,
uh,
you know,
certain times my Hbo Special Man,
I,
I that that one was a nun.
One wasn't too hard to watch because that one went great.
Why do I do this?
Wasn't too hard to watch.
But those,
I only watched him one time,
but like a,
a bunch of shit earlier,
earlier on in my career.
You know what it is,
it's when it's on TV,
that's when it freaks me out.
Like if I fill my scent self last night,
you know,
at the comedy store or whatever,
I could go home and I could watch it and I wouldn't have a problem watching it
and I could actually enjoy it.
But the second I know it's going to be on TV and a as a fucking cell phone.
It's my girlfriend's cellphone,
California dream and home gays.
US.
Why it's your phone
anywhere.
What was I going to say?
Yeah.
So,
but the second I know it's going to be on TV,
that's when it freaks me out.
And then I'm like,
oh my God,
you know,
anywhere from fucking a thousand people to fucking whatever.
How many people fucking watch comedy central,
however many of that is,
are going to see this shit.
And then everything I do,
any little screw up that I do becomes,
you know,
900 feet tall and I freaked the fuck out and probably comes down to the fact
that I don't like myself.
Ah,
that's sad though.
Why don't you like yourself?
Um,
I don't know.
Working on it.
All right,
Bill,
what would you attempt to this?
This person asked me a bunch of new agey questions.
What would you attempt to do if you knew you would not fail a jump off a tall
building?
You know,
I guess I wouldn't fail by jumping up,
jumping off a building and living,
you know,
I just want to feel like that adrenaline,
adrenaline rush fields.
I cause you're like,
fuck,
because you're going down.
I do something like that.
Um,
I know that person when it's something a lot deeper than that.
Let me see here.
What would you,
would you attempt to do if you knew you would not fail?
Uh,
what would I do?
Ah,
Jesus Christ.
I'd probably try to do some Gandy Shit,
you know,
if I wouldn't get assassinated,
I wish I had that kind of charisma.
If I could lead a Gandhi revolt against these fucking automated cashier
machines,
you know,
I shoot small,
you know what I mean?
Gandhi,
you know,
what did he get?
He got England to fucking leave India.
What's Nice?
Does he get,
he gets shot in the back of the fucking head or at least Ben Kingsley did.
I never,
I don't know much about the real Gandy.
Actually,
you know,
it's funny when I pictured Gandia picture Ben Kingsley as Gandy,
um,
number two,
Bill,
you had two identities.
If you had two identities,
one is yourself and one is an animal.
What kind of animal would you be?
You know something.
I feel like I'm in a really bad date right now.
Uh,
what kind of animal would I be?
Something that can run the fuck away really fast from these questions.
Um,
if I can be one animal,
I think that'd be a bird.
Cause I've always thought as a fraud,
what kind of animal would I be?
Uh,
something poisonous so I can fucking bite you and your ankle.
No,
that's mean,
I don't know.
What's my favorite animal?
I like bears.
So stupid.
Question number three,
Bill,
what is one of the most valuable lessons you have learned so far to proof?
Read the questions.
Now what is in the mall?
I'm really trashing this person.
These are good questions.
You know what?
Don't don't,
don't be if you,
if you're the person who wrote this,
you listen to me right now.
Don't feel bad that you wrote these.
Okay,
this has nothing to do with you.
This has to do with me.
And all of a sudden you're tapping into an emotional level in me that I'm not
comfortable exposing.
All right.
This is feeling like I have to relax and open up and it's just really fucking
creeping me out.
All right.
Let me fucking white knock on my way through this last one.
Bill,
what is one of the most valuable lessons you have learned so far?
Whether you learned it,
watching someone else go through the situation or you expected it yourself,
experienced that yourself.
Uh,
oh,
uh,
I would say that a life doesn't have to be hard.
That you don't have to be miserable and that you don't have to be surrounded by
a bunch of cons and that a,
if that's how you grew up,
you know,
without even realizing it,
you go out into the world and you surround yourself with those same kinds of
people just because you're used to it.
And then maybe one day you get to what I figured out about a year ago,
it was like,
hey,
you know,
I really don't have to hang out with a bunch of assholes.
You know?
I think that's why so many marriages don't work out.
It's because you just want to get away from your family and then you go out and
you end up marrying the exact same kind of,
ah,
fuck.
I was just having a conversation last night over a couple of beers.
You know,
whatever misery you grew up with,
if you're not careful,
you go out and you marry it.
You know,
expecting change.
Don't,
don't,
uh,
I guess that's what I,
I've,
uh,
I can't even say I learned it.
I noticed it.
I noticed that.
I was like,
Hey,
look at that shit over there.
All right,
good.
That's,
uh,
if you guys really want to freak me out,
ask me some new agey questions and that'll be a new section of the podcast we
get to watch me squirm and be fucking uncomfortable roaming up to right now.
29 minutes.
All right.
I'm gonna try to keep these a little bit shorter here.
Hey,
bill,
have you ever gotten revenge on a person on an object or an object,
like a printer,
an office space,
that movie?
Um,
I got to admit,
I'm not a big revenge person.
Uh,
I don't feel comfortable with it.
I always like that goes to a really dark,
dark place that's like a,
you holding the hand of the devil when you,
when you do some shit like that.
Like I,
I walk away.
If someone really fucks me over,
I just let them learn.
I walk away.
Like I've never,
uh,
you know,
if I ever dated a girl and she fucked me over something,
I just always,
I just said,
fuck it.
I walked away.
It's just not worth it.
It's not worth it.
I'm not doing it.
And I know me is not only,
you know,
have I just gotten fucked over and now I'm going to seek revenge and his odds
are that I'm going to get caught seeking revenge.
And that's the worst because that's like one time I had like a,
I want to have a first time I lived out here in la.
I came back from being on the road for two weeks and there was,
uh,
there was,
a note on my door saying that they needed to check my smoke alarms and that they
were,
they needed to check them by this certain date.
And by the time I got off the road,
that date was literally like a week earlier,
right.
So evidently they had the legal right to go into my apartment because if there
was a,
if my smoke detectors,
you know,
are faulty,
a fire,
my apartment affects the other units.
That was their reasoning.
So I walked in there and I could just immediately tell that someone had been in
my apartment.
And,
uh,
there's one of these deals back in the day when I really did the road for a long
time.
Like when I came back,
you know,
from the,
I've been on the road so long,
like all the water and basically evaporated out of my toilet,
you know what I mean?
There was like half an inch of water,
like that type of shit.
Right?
And I was sitting there and I sat down,
I was like fucking eat.
I don't know what it was.
Some sort of a,
so say ESPN and with the fucking proper term is,
but I could just feel it.
I was like,
something's not right.
And I got up and I,
and I looked through my apartment and I was mentioned missing a camera.
I was missing a watch and the person had picked through my CD collections.
Evidently they were a rap fan,
cause that's all they took.
And uh,
you know,
nickel and dime shit.
So I went downstairs to the management and I was like,
you know,
I come back from being on the road.
You say you're gonna check my smoke detectors and I walk in them.
It's in a watch,
MRS CDs,
I missed some cameras.
The place is still locked from the inside and the guy immediately just snapped
on me.
So look,
I don't know,
pretty sure that you come and go here accusing booboo booboo.
And I'm like,
I didn't accuse anybody.
I don't appreciate you standing here getting upset with me.
Like on this guy.
Just he,
he totally tried to grill in his way through the shit.
And at one point he's just like,
whatever.
He's like,
I have the power,
I have the power.
He literally said that and I wanted to reach across and just rip this guy's
fucking throat out.
So my girlfriend at the time goes,
you know who the guy is?
I'm like,
yes.
She goes,
you know where his car is?
Yeah.
She goes,
you should go down and fuck up his car.
And I really thought about doing it,
but I was like,
all right,
you just went down to the guy's office.
You just had a really heated argument with that fucking guy.
There was people there witnessed it.
You know what I mean?
There's cameras in the garage.
If I do it,
I know I'm going to get fucking caught.
So,
uh,
actually I did get revenge.
What am I talking about?
I know what I did instead I stood outside the office
and,
uh,
what did I do that's no,
no,
no.
I think it was still part of the argument.
Someone came walking in and they were getting ready to rent an apartment in the
building.
And I told them the story.
I go and I came back off the road and there's stuff missing and I'm talking to
this guy and this guy is yelling at me.
I'm telling you the elevators to slow.
And the two people like thanks a lot.
And they walked out.
And then I looked at the guy and I said,
let me tell you something.
I'm a comedian.
I don't work days.
I will sit out here every single day in a lawn chair and I'll tell every person
who comes walking in there.
And I saw the guy get nervous.
And I knew I was completely full of shit because I had to go on the road again
the next day.
And uh,
so yeah,
I never seek revenge and it still bugs me.
And I tried to lie to myself going,
you know what?
He'll get his,
that guy,
he'll get his.
And you know what I've realized,
uh,
those guys don't get this.
They continue to rob and steal,
but I don't know,
maybe they're miserable.
Do you guys believe in that shit?
Do you think that they don't rent vengeances mindset?
If the Lord you believe in that Shit,
I kind of believe in it and then I'll let them.
Sometimes I think,
well,
it didn't just some rich people,
right?
The Bible.
So I would feel comfortable being poor.
Yeah,
we fuck you over.
Don't take vengeance on us.
Don't worry.
This invisible guy,
after we're dead,
we're dead.
He'll take care of us.
That's the one thing why I don't believe in the Bible.
Cause everyone who preaches it is living this,
this,
this lifestyle that they would not get into heaven.
You know,
like,
look at George Bush.
George Bush is a Jesus Freak.
The guy's out of his fucking mind.
You know,
he's out of his fucking mind.
Would Jesus,
you know,
somehow take us to war.
I'm not trying to get political here.
I'm not saying the guy did the right thing or the wrong thing.
I don't fucking know.
But I'm just saying,
you know,
if I was truly a Jesus Freak,
I would not advocate going to war.
And one of the things that scares me about fucking people get into religion is
the more religious they get,
the more violent and unaccepting they get up.
Other people.
That is one of the most hackiest things I've ever said because other people have
made that point.
But it's fucking true.
It's true.
Like I don't give a shit about gay guys,
you know,
they can fucking blow each other all day long.
What the fuck do I care?
They're not hurting anybody.
You know?
I don't want to see it,
but we have and against that,
don't blow your boyfriend out in the fucking street,
you know?
But I think you ought to be able to do it on a Futon,
you know,
behind some walls.
I don't think you're going to hell.
I mean for me it would be a whole hellacious experience,
but you know,
just continue on.
Bill,
you made your point and now you're going to ruin it.
All right,
plow ahead.
All right.
Hey Bill.
On TV,
they sometimes talk about how it costs $11 trillion to have Chris rock come to
your house and do 15 minutes of stand up.
How much will it cost to have bill burr come over to a fan's house and perform
standup for 50 minutes?
When a great fucking question.
Um,
it would cost you,
I do it for,
I do it for 12 bucks,
but I would have some riders attached to it that would up the performance price.
Okay.
First off,
um,
there has to be some sort of stage.
Okay.
And it literally could be that brick part that comes out from your fireplace.
I'll stand on that or maybe an Ottoman,
you know,
what's an Ottoman?
Is that the thing you put your clothes in or is that the thing you put your feet
on?
I'm talking about the thing you put your feet on one of those things.
And also I have to be helicoptered in.
You have to have a backyard as big enough.
It's big enough for me to land in.
Okay.
And then I'm going to get off the helicopter and I'm going to be wearing a
scarf.
Silk scarf that you pay for that I will never address during my performance.
No one at the party is allowed to make eye contact with me.
Everyone will sit around the fucking Ottoman or that thing.
You put your feet on Indian style and I will do my jokes and I will not look at
any of you.
I will.
I will fucking be staring at the toaster the entire,
I want to toaster in the back of the room.
I'll do this to 12 bucks.
You pay me $12.
You helicopter me and you buy the scarf.
I will stand on a fucking Ottoman and I will do,
I'll do 25 minutes for 12 bucks.
All right,
you've got the fucking 12 bucks and the money to book the helicopter.
I will do it.
I'm really talking to myself and do a fucking youtube moment and
that's it.
And no one can make eye contact with me.
Just like Popa,
Greenwich,
Greenwich Village.
And you don't say good night to nobody that when she got his stare at the
fucking floor,
when she walks out child,
um,
you know something that's,
that's the tandem.
I'm waiting to get back together.
Everybody talks about Walter Matthau and Jack Lemmon back in the day.
What about Mickey Rourke and Eric Roberts?
Can they get together again?
Mickey Rourke is back.
I think it's time for those guys to do another fucking movie before that too.
God Damn old.
So there you go.
There's your,
there's your answer.
12 bucks a helicopter ride.
No eye contact,
a scarf and a fucking Ottoman.
And you've got yourself a comedian,
but not for 50 minutes.
All right,
give me 24 bucks.
I'll do the 15 minutes.
All right,
here we go.
Um,
overrated.
Underrated.
Okay.
Uh,
underrated.
Um,
how awesome.
Whoever the first guy was to coin the phrase mustache ride.
I have to admit,
I've never heard of this,
this phrase,
how much confidence and creepiness does one half to ooze in order to say
something like that to an actual living,
breathing woman?
Probably happen sometime during this,
the 70s when everyone was sporting a mustache and a leisure suit.
Oh,
is that what you did back in the day?
It's,
we,
and I do like to think of mustache ride.
I don't know.
I've never heard of that one.
Um,
oh,
here's a good one.
Uh,
underrated.
What red wine will do to your erection.
True Story.
A while back.
I had a girl over for dinner at my place.
I drank about three glasses of wine I was expecting to make out with her.
It was kind of a first date,
so I wasn't expecting the opportunity to get laid.
So evidently this guy kept drinking.
So while the opportunity arose to get,
and I didn't,
I was sitting on the edge of my bed pulling my dick like I was trying to get an
old lawnmower to start and nothing,
you know,
embarrassing this to be jerking off in front of a girl while apologize.
I think
I've been there.
Um,
I can never look that girl in the eye again.
I've heard the term whiskey Dick,
but never heard a mention of red wine.
How come?
No one ever told me that that could happen.
Um,
I think whiskey Dick just sort of was supposed to be all encompassing of alcohol
in general.
I think whiskey Dick,
I guess has a decent ring to it.
Beer Dick doesn't sound good wine.
Dick
actually whiskey Dick doesn't sound good either.
I never liked that either.
I don't like that.
Expression can be some sort of alliteration going on there for beer cock.
That's not good wine.
Willie,
Willie.
Why?
No,
I don't know what it is.
And with no whiskey,
Dick Means all alcohol,
but no one ever explained that because you,
you took it literally like,
oh,
don't drink whiskey.
I won't be able to get an erection.
But evidently I can drink fucking red wine all night.
Like some fucking divorced 48 year old woman with two kids.
What's wrong with you as a man that you sit in that drinking red wine,
but that her idea
were you wearing a scarf?
I bet you where you should have been helicoptered in.
You have bottle of red wine.
All right,
overrated.
How excited people get over getting their tax refund.
You know something that's one of the best overrated sever.
That's a fucking great one.
Uh,
someone's like,
I'm getting 3000 back from the government,
3000 bad from the 16,000 they,
they took from me throughout the year.
And the kicker is that while I was sitting in my accountant's office,
I don't really use government.
I realized I don't really use government services.
I don't have any kids in school.
I live in New York City,
so I don't drive on state roads.
I'm 27 and I've never needed a cop throughout my whole life.
I never called the fire department.
I'd never been on welfare.
The only thing the government has done for me in the past year is pick up my
garbage and make sure I get more HD channels.
I realized I have to pay taxes and ultimately I don't mind doing it,
but in the hindsight,
13,000 is way too much to pay to have someone take away your garbage.
That's more than a thousand bucks a month.
I could drive a top of the line Lexus for that type of money.
Yeah,
and put your garbage in the trunk and take it over to the dump.
Exactly.
Well,
you know what the funny thing is about people getting their tax refund back.
They're all excited and they don't,
they never stopped to think that you gave the government an interest free loan.
Like you could've had that three grand plus the money that you owed the
government sitting in your bank account or whatever,
earning interest,
and then the end of the year you could just give him the money that you owed
him.
He should wait.
What does that you zero.
Is that what it is?
That's what you should do.
And then you,
you get some sort of psycho accountant to widdle the fucking charges down and
then you pay him.
That's how you do it.
You know what it is?
Most people,
they don't want to deal,
you know,
and they just kind of look at that dude,
it's money in the bank.
No it isn't.
It isn't money in the bank.
It's money lost.
That's what it is.
And then what did they do when they get their fucking money back?
What do they do?
They go out and they take it and they go out and buy a shiny liability.
I went out and I bought a fucking flat screen dead.
That's what I did.
And that's great.
It's great.
He realized the second you hung it on your wall,
it's worth 600 bucks.
Now you dumb fuck um,
underrated mom and pop hardware stores emailing classic Bruce Lee Kung Fu movies
and good girls.
All good girls are so underrated,
so underrated.
Why do we always pick the horse fellows?
Huh?
Why?
You know why?
Because your Dick,
you're a dick.
It's gift fucking Dick.
I can't even explain it.
I don't even need to explain it.
It just goes back to that dump discovery channel thing.
The same way the lions,
the lionesses is sitting there and when they look at the herd,
do they go after the best gazelle?
Now if they go after the weakest one cause it's the easiest kill.
That's what it is.
It's fucking one.
It is.
All right.
A overrated giant corporate stores.
I phones Jackie Chan movies and Valentine's Day.
Really?
One day out of the year where the price of roses,
teddy bears and chocolates skyrockets because some naked baby wants to fly
around shooting arrows and people's asses.
Just surprise your girl on a random day with that shit.
She won't expect it and will appreciate it a hundred times more than if you did
it on Valentine's Day.
Could not agree with you more.
I got to say something.
You guys are really up in your fucking game here.
You know,
great questions,
great underrated,
overrated,
great stories.
I mean,
I didn't have to do shit this week.
I just sat here and fucking read it like a fucking local newscaster,
which is kind of good because I think I was kind of off my game today,
sitting here and my freezing fucking cold apartment.
I've got this awful heater.
You know what I mean?
It's the only place where I live in.
It's a really cool building,
but it's old as fuck.
It's like one of those old time Hollywood,
you know,
back when it said Hollywood land,
that's when this thing was built.
It was made in the,
uh,
late 1930.
[inaudible].
I like living in an old places like that,
but you know,
sucks the heat.
Him and I always like think about the conversations,
you know what I mean?
Oh,
like shit that happened.
Like,
you know,
I bet Charlie chaplain came over here and bang,
some want to be starlet in my shower.
Is Little Hitler mustache getting all fucking wet.
You know,
I was just picturing Charlie Chaplin still wearing that fucking that hat and
making that I'm fucking you real good face.
You know when you bite your lower lip,
uh,
use probably all nervous too because what happened to fatty Arbuckle but he
still had to do it.
You know,
cause he didn't pick a good girl.
He doesn't,
he went over here and fucked the whore.
You know,
that's what I always want.
You ever wonder about,
do you ever get an old apartment?
You just wonder what the fuck happened.
You know,
like this,
this place was around
right before World War II.
All the conversations that are taking place,
all that stuff,
the amount of people from different generations bitching about how this heater
doesn't work.
I don't know.
The red scare,
Kennedy getting whacked
the White Flight and Detroit.
I don't know why I just brought that up.
You know why?
Cause the guy fucking shaves my heads from Detroit and he lived through all that
shit to try and it's such a sad fucking city.
This guy was telling me how back in the day,
some of the richest people in the world lived in Detroit back when the big three
was the big three.
And the Ford family,
they all lived there.
And because they had all this cash,
all these great department stores,
all these museums in Detroit,
look at it years later,
eight mile m and m kid rock,
these angry fucking white kids cause they grew up in a fucking BFI been
once a [inaudible] been bill.
Well that's the name of the fucking waste management in Massachusetts.
Uh,
garbage dumpster dumpster.
Right.
All right.
I guess that's it.
That's,
you know,
I had rainy Monday energy on this one,
but um,
what are you gonna do?
You can't have a bitch about these fucking thanks cause they're free.
All right.
And if you are,
go fuck yourself.
It she'd fuck.
You know,
I've actually had,
you know,
people criticize my podcasts.
Dylan wasn't as good as last week's.
Rarely do you feel cheated on a money.
You fucking cunt.
You know at Howard it is the Babel by yourself.
Wow.
All the way up to 47 minutes.
I really have diarrhea,
the fucking mouth here.
All right,
let me get off the phone here.
so the here or here are some of my upcoming gigs.
I have a Gig on a
AH,
shit.
What is a fucking date of it?
[inaudible]
I mean Ogden this weekend and I'm going to be,
uh,
I have an la date coming up.
Hang on,
hang on,
let me open it up with the fuck is it?
I Dunno what the fuck it is.
Shit.
I'm going to be at the comedy store
doing a show on all I know.
I go into my cell phone here.
This is garbage time right now.
Irvine.
What?
I guess I'm going to be in Irvine and the Irvine Improv and February 24th.
Is that right?
You know,
what are the information next week it'll be no big deal,
but I'm,
I've got a couple of La shows coming up.
Um,
you know what?
I have to call somebody right now.
You want to hear me call and ask somebody about what the fuck went on.
My next Gig is,
is your life that empty?
Are you really?
Is that how much you hate your fucking job?
You're actually going to listen to this phone call.
It is,
isn't it?
You got to do a gut check right now.
Who is that computer?
Late.
Please enjoy the music while your party is reached.
I'm on hold right now.
Hang on.
Hey Jeff,
what am I doing that show with you at the comedy store?
February 26th okay,
cool.
All right.
I just need to put it,
I'm going to put it on my website right now.
All right.
Okay.
I'll look.
I'm doing good.
I got somebody on the other line.
Let me call you right back.
Okay.
Bye.
Huh?
You like that?
All right.
It's February 26th.
I'm going to be at the comedy store and uh,
in Los Angeles doing not Jeff Richard Show.
It's a show to help benefit a hungry people.
People don't have any food,
you know,
and it's not starving people either.
It's just,
you know,
like you have a been driving around tiny like,
ah,
fuck,
I'm starving.
Those kinds of people.
People who actually knew,
like have eaten that day,
but they haven't eaten in six hours.
So they feel like they're starving.
We're actually going to help him out.
You know,
cause everybody's helping up those starving kids in Africa.
Anybody can do that shit who actually helps out star from people who technically
aren't starving,
they just haven't eaten in awhile and their bodies are now breaking down the
muscle that they built up at the gym.
All right.
Thank you very much for listening.
Um,
please keep the great podcast questions coming.
The underrated overrated,
the movie reviews,
calling my car.
Faggy whatever the fuck you want to do.
And uh,
that's it all.
Look at the sun came out right at the end of the podcast.
Isn't that beautiful?
Talk to you next week.
Wow.
Words
bill
the Chava
the queen.
Yeah.